What is AlamoPROMISE?

Working with local government and community partners AlamoPROMISE provides community college tuition along with mandatory fees to eligible students who plan to earn an associate degree, certification, courses for transfer or workforce training. AlamoPROMISE is more than a new program of the Alamo Colleges District, it is a community-wide initiative. AlamoPROMISE will provide last-dollar funding to fill the gap between a student’s financial aid award and the cost of tuition and mandatory fees for up to three consecutive years at one of the Alamo Colleges District’s five colleges.

Who is eligible to participate in AlamoPROMISE?

AlamoPROMISE is open to high school seniors graduating from public, private, charter and home school programs in Bexar County. Students must graduate from high schools in Bexar County and/or live in Bexar County and be eligible to complete a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or Texas Application for State Financial Aid (TASFA) to become an AlamoPROMISE Scholar. 

To meet program requirements, incoming students must:  
Be a graduating high school senior enrolling at one of the Alamo Colleges in the Fall semester immediately following their high school graduation. 
Submit your admission application through Apply Texas 
Submit and complete your FAFSA or TASFA requirements, including completing any documents required to process a financial aid award 
List at least one college of the Alamo Colleges District on the Federal Student Aid or Texas Application for State Financial Aid 

Application (admission and financial aid) requirements should be completed by Feb. 28. Applications completed after the Feb. 28 priority date will be considered for the program on a space-available basis, and students are highly encouraged to complete their applications as soon as possible.

Who is not eligible to participate in AlamoPROMISE?

AlamoPROMISE is not available to: 
Students who live outside of Bexar County (unless they graduated from a high school within Bexar County) 
Transfer students 
Students who enrolled at another institution of higher education prior to the Fall semester 
Students who did not enroll during the Fall semester immediately following their high school graduation 
Students who are not eligible to complete a FAFSA or TASFA application 

The AlamoPROMISE Program Office is available to address any questions about AlamoPROMISE participation at promise@alamo.edu.  Students who do not meet AlamoPROMISE participation criteria can receive assistance with transition to college through the Alamo Colleges District’s College Connection Team.

Does my family income or academic standing play a role in my participation in AlamoPROMISE?

No, income level or graduating Grade Point Average (GPA)/class rank are not part of the eligibility requirements for AlamoPROMISE. Seniors from participating high schools can become AlamoPROMISE Scholars.

What does AlamoPROMISE cover?

AlamoPROMISE ensures that the costs of tuition and required fees are covered for courses that are part of a student’s Program of Study/degree plan after the student’s financial aid awards have been applied. Note that textbook rentals covered by tuition, laptop rentals and VIA bus passes are available to enrolled students. Students taking courses outside of their official degree plan could receive less federal financial aid and have to pay for courses out of pocket.

What costs are not covered by AlamoPROMISE?

AlamoPROMISE does not cover courses outside of a student’s Program of Study/degree plan. It also does not cover other college-going expenses, such as technology equipment, transportation, and housing. Summer courses are not covered by AlamoPROMISE, but students can utilize programs such as Summer Momentum.

Can I pursue an academic certificate through AlamoPROMISE?

Yes! AlamoPROMISE Scholars can earn academic certificates. After earning a certificate, students can continue working toward their associate degree while participating in AlamoPROMISE.

How long can I participate in AlamoPROMISE?

Students can participate in AlamoPROMISE until they complete an associate degree, or up to three consecutive years – whichever comes first.

What does a student need to do to maintain AlamoPROMISE scholar status?

AlamoPROMISE Scholars must meet key criteria that support a successful journey toward college completion, including: 
Credit Hours Requirements
Continuous Enrollment
Annual Financial Aid Application Completion
Satisfactory Academic Progress
Take a Course in your Program of Study

Detailed information about these requirements is posted at alamo.edu/promise/students. AlamoPROMISE Scholars not meeting these requirements may be subject to having their AlamoPROMISE eligibility revoked. Any notices regarding a change in AlamoPROMISE Scholar status will be communicated by the AlamoPROMISE Program Office to the official student alamo.edu email account. Please note that if there are concerns about meeting any requirements, students should work with their Certified Academic Advisor for exception consideration and a plan for continued success. The AlamoPROMISE Program Office is also available to assist with any questions at promise@alamo.edu.

When did AlamoPROMISE begin?

The first cohort of AlamoPROMISE scholars were recruited in the fall of 2019 and enrolled as AlamoPROMISE Scholars in fall of 2020.

How is AlamoPROMISE funded?

AlamoPROMISE is both privately and publicly funded. The generous support of our community makes this program possible. We want to encourage your continued investment in Bexar County area students.

Why does the community need AlamoPROMISE?

There is consensus in the community that education beyond high school is critical to providing economic and social mobility for residents, and that financial barriers are the greatest factor in preventing residents from enrolling in or completing a college education. The leadership of the Alamo Colleges District believes that AlamoPROMISE provides a strategy to address that reality and the fact that San Antonio is one of the fastest-growing economic regions in the country, yet has the second-highest percentage of population in poverty among the top 25 largest U.S. metro areas.

