"Awful! Just awful! He doesn't communicate clearly what he wants from the assignments and most of the assignments don't fully work. He just wants you to figure it out anyways. Feels like it bothers him to answer questions. Grading is awful - especially with assignments with little to no explanation - just grades. DON'T TAKE HIM RUNNN AWAY"

"Professor Lopez is amazing. Not only do you get the chapters to read but with almost every packet tracer assignment there is a walkthrough guide for them, which is extremely helpful for those that are more hands on instead of reading. Would 100% recommend him!"

"Probably one of the most rigid, hard to get a hold of professor I had the pleasure of learning under. Don't bother to try to call him during office hours through the phone it will go to voicemail every time, email him. He will show no sympathy towards your difficult home situation or if you're having trouble finding an internship, post covid."

"Amazing professor one of the most knowledgeable instructors for cisco networking you'll ever find. Class is easily the hardest I've ever taken and I've had, I think 4 of his. He is very much get what you put in, you want to pass? make extra time stay after class show up early ask every step of the way if you're doing it right. Hes not a mind reader"

"I requested this Professor and jumped through hoops to be in his internship class because the professor at my campus wasnt the best. If I wouldve known I would get a C in my internship class because professor Lopez didnt care enough to be specific on assignment criteria and correct due dates according to the semester, I wouldve stayed at NVC"

"If you want to learn and certify, this is the class. many assignments to help understand material. extra credit to help boost your grade. very approachable. assignments created to make you think. very responsive and feedback is very specific. knows the topic and industry"

"Mr. Lopez expects communications from his students to be professional, but cannot do this himself. Directions at times are unclear and Canvas is a mess (Even has assignments that ended over a year ago). Getting a response can be hit-or-miss. Seems knowledgeable though, and can be helpful if you can get a hold of him."

"Assignments and tests are a mess. Questions that need to be updated or challenged every quiz or test. Unclear and poorly phrased assignments and differentiation between packet tracer tasks. Kind of hard to decipher his speech patterns online, and pay attention. Lots of pauses and corrections in lectures."

"I'm learning from the class and he's helpful when you're struggling. However, the canvas assignments are a mess. Instructions aren't clear packet tracer assignments. Quizzes and midterm questions need to be reverified because i'm putting the right answers down(textbook answers) and i'm still getting it wrong. Class is just frustrating in general."