"Pretty decent amount of programming assignments, and he gave me a couple late grades because he wanted the source code and not screenshots, which isn't good because all my other programming instructors just need screenshots. But other than that, not a bad course; easy exams, only a midterm and final exam, both online. Overall I'd give like 2.5/5." 

"His Programming II class is very similar to his Programming I class. The differences are that there are double the assignments (21) and far fewer extra credit opportunities (only 2) and only two exams (down from 4). But, the assignments still have videos to follow and you can still work ahead."

"I took COSC-1336 online. Students can work ahead on assignments, and there is lots of extra credit. Assignments are easy because each assignment has a video that students can follow. The professor always responded to my emails the same day. I would recommend this class for those looking for an easy COSC-1336 class."

"There really isn't a reason why you should fail this class. If you do, it is truly due to pure laziness. The videos go very well with the assignments. As long as you keep up with the assignments you will pass! Also the professor responds fairly quick back to any emails. Would definitely recommend!"

"I took his Programming Fundamentals I hybrid class. It's very easy work if you just watch the videos and do the work on time. Lectures are on par and comprehensible. He is very kind and is willing to ask any questions you might have. While he's not the engaging type (which I most prefer for a professor), content is easy to understand and an easy A."

"This was my first time taking a Java course and I elected not to purchase the book. My greatest advice is to READ THE SYLLABUS AND COURSE SCHEDULE. There are videos provided that literally hand you the answers to the assignment. All the tests were fairly simple just look over notes or use your trusty resources and you'll get through the course."

"Very awesome professor, Great classroom atmosphere, easy to talk to great lectures and class discussions. Easy class if you take notes and listen, easy grading. Its an easy class if you show up to the lectures. DO THE WORK AND YOU WILL PASS"

"I took this course online during Flex II. You watch videos & test on what you learned. You will also do projects for each app but they are fairly easy, just follow his instructions. The material was well organized & easy to understand. He is very easy going. Exams are NOT from material you will have to research . Other than that Easy A."