"Mr. Lopez was kind of nice. I went to class every so often, never bought the book, and didn't learn anything. When I did go to class I was very bored and didn't pay attention. He did not teach at all. The only problem I had with him is that he makes the class so easy, but tries to grade hard. His grading comes with no feedback."

"This guy is a little cool, a little not. His lectures are mostly debate, so easy participation points, and the reviews are exactly like the test! But his voice is very plain, and his lectures are very plain, and so the class is very plain and hard to focus in. He messes up sometimes. Do the short assingments, do the reviews, and catch his mistakes."

"Lopez does not teach for his exams. His lectures are supposedly over the reading, but you never actually have to read to participate in the class. There's a review for the exams, but the reviews are very difficult as he's probably not gone over this information in class. Its up to you to Google/figure it out. Also, he's a slow talker, which is bad."

"Must read book on your own, lectures are pretty blah. He's very difficult to understand. The quizzes are done in class and you grade them yourself. The study guides for test are very contradicting. It's unclear what the questions are actually asking. He's a part-time professor so it's hard to find him, since he doesn't have an office on campus."

"Doesn't care to hear from opinionated students, especially if he disagrees. Impossible and painful to debate with such ignorance, he cowards away from students who challenge his opinion in class. Theres no takeaway at the end of the day any govt. class should challenge both student and teacher ideals and encourage higher thinking- sadly, not here."

"At first, I felt this class was hard because I wasn't learning anything from his lectures. But the class is not that hard. You just have to read your book. That is a MUST! Classroom discussions everyday, chapter quizzes (sometimes), exams with two short essay questions. The exam review is directly related to the exam so STUDY it!!!"

"Required a lot of classroom discussion on current issues. You will pass this course if you read the textbook and study the test reviews. A discussion paper is required. If you need to take government I recommend this teacher."

"Easy course but sooooo boring. He does know alot but he is very disorganized and lectures are extremely dull. He uses very little visuals so it is just him talking. Open book quizzes, straight from review tests and easy opinion/discussion papers make this a no-brainer course in making an 'A' - if you don't you need to drop out of school!"

"Took federal government with him. Most of the time, the class is debating issues. Make sure you read the chapters and study the study guide. There is one oral presentation. Overall, if you put a little more work than normal, you'll get an A."

"I learned a lot from his governement class. He is very knowledgable about what is going on in the world. I found his class to be very interesting. You will need to read the chapters for the quiz, and he did allow us to use our textbooks for the quizzez."