"I only took a handful classes here, but honestly the non-instruction staff is completely disorganized and unprofessional. I emailed my advisor and never got a response (and never bothered to waste my time doing that again). Also, MathWorld tutoring is required for a set number of minutes/hours a term for most math classes you take at SPC, which is great in theory but annoyingly impractical if you work full time. I ended up going somewhere else that didn't have that requirement."

"Wow, at first glance you wouldn't think this campus is as large as it is.  I noticed several learning centers, a huge Student Center, at least 7 modern buildings blended in with what appeared to be some historic buildings, and at least one gym.  I suspect there is another but never found it.  The campus extends, vertically, at least 3 blocks.  There is a huge lawn right in the center for students.  Very impressive small college."

"The parking lots are mostly full during the week and there are several overflow parking lots. The student parking lot near the culinary building is in desperate need resurfacing and repair. That same lot's exit can damage your vehicle oil pan."

"Don’t go here no COMMUNICATION and then if you decide not to go and think you canceled the classes but NEVER set foot in a class they screw up your CREDIT!!!! Only place I have ever had to pay for when NO SERVICES were rendered!!!!!! This college SUCKS!!!! Got my degree anyway SOME where else!!!! Par for anything San Antonio though"

"I couldn't leave this poor excuse for a school fast enough. Do NOT go to this school if you expect staff to care even a little bit for the students. The Records Supervisor was extremely rude and hateful when I was asking for a document to submit to a financial aid program for childcare. Refused to even write an email stating that enrollment verification wasn't available at a certain time because of census. Due to her refusal to help me and trying for 3 months to get in touch with someone from the records department (have called 5 different numbers from the directory and sent 3 emails) for enrollment verification issues, I lost around $1000 in financial aid for 2 months of childcare."

"Well organized campus.  Staff was very helpful. A lot of options for classes.  I am glad w chose this school for my son.  I look forward to how he does on this portion of his college experience."

"They were so very kind and helpful. Mrs. Cindy Robles and Mr. Ken were very diligent in helping me and went the extra mile to help me with my needs. I am very grateful. God bless them greatly in Jesus name. Amen."

"I took a class a this university. In order to get my money back they told me I had to apply with this bank. Even though I had my own bank account. The bank ended up charging me interest for having an account. I ended up having to pay $383 out of pocket in interest because of their error.  This university preys on poor people.  I am not poor and didn't need their bank account.  But how unfortunate for people who are and have to pay the outlandish interest that the bank they require you to sign up with charges.  Choose a real university that doesn't get kickbacks.  I am so tired of seeing poor people get scammed."

"Horrible communication. No matter how many messages and emails you send (because answering the phone is impossible), they don't reach out to you. I don't understand why. I've been leaving messages for the Advising department and emails to the Records department for 2 months and not a single reply. It's ridiculous. Plus, at least for my son's degree plan, the professors don't even want to be there most of the time judging by how many times classes are canceled or shortened."

"Though there are some drawbacks to this school such as some buildings are unkept and some students rude, some teachers wierd, it is truly a wonderful experience to attend this college."

"The admissions process is ridiculous. Someone will tell you one thing and another person will tell you something different. They don’t keep track of what you have completed so you’re constantly being told you have to do something you already did. Nobody knows any information unless it’s regarding the script they have to read!! The veterans affairs office also is notoriously hard to get into. Contact with unless in person and even then the advisors don’t give a shit about you! Edit: I transferred out of the school but, that process is just as bad. Another EDIT: I CANT EVEN FULLY WITHDRAW FROM THIS PLACE!! I have called over 10 times about trying to be removed from their system so I can get financial aid and receive my official transcripts in another state. So I cannot even transfer to the school I want and start the semester for my degree plan. This place needs its processes changed."

"Admission process is trash. It was a struggle to get in for 2 years. I have 2 years of previous college education from a U.S. territory university and wanted to have it transferred over to apply for a program. The TSI step was what I wanted to bypass because I've taken Statistics and College English. I put in an online request for a TSI exemption since I've taken math and english before, and got no update. A month in a half ago, I try again to get into St Philips. Blanca Padilla said she'd hurry the process to get my math credit evaluated at the chair and told me that if it DOES transfer over, I still have to take a college algebra course because the program I wanted to try for was very specific on the math prereq being algebra. My goal was that it (at least) satisfies the TSI exemption criteria so I can get advising done and register for prereq classes I have yet to complete before enrolling into the program. I waited a whole month in a half. No call, no update. So I call myself. Only to find out something happened and I gotta wait for a second evaluation. So don't bother trying to enroll here if you have previous college credits to transfer over. It's a whole run-around and a headache. I'm better off going to CHCP or another institution that costs more but reaches my expectations on communication and education. Edit: The advisor said my math was rejected because the course description was not enough information to determine if the topics covered what their colleeg covers, so he requested a syllabus. I get ahold of my University's Dean to email me the syllabus and I forward it to the Advisor Luis Sevilla with the caption "pls put in a request to have it reviewed again using my syllabus as a reference." No response, not even an acknowledgment of the syllabus being received. I emailed Luis again for an update the next day. No response. 2 business days later, I ask again. No response. Its been a week and I've gotten no response whatsoever."

"Trying to get through a department for information is a nightmare! It seems they always have a "high call volume." They transfer you to one department after another just to get a message that no one is available and that "mailbox is full." Even the Operator option is unavailable. No one knows what they're doing. Extremely frustrating."

"Was there for professional development.  The facilities are beautiful and clean. The kitchen labs are filled with professional equipment and the chef instructors are very knowledgeable."

"The pow wow organization was using the Saint Philip's gymnasium for an Indian Pow Wow it was a very nice venue. There were hundreds of guests and it was very nice dancing there because they put these rugs down on the floor of the gymnasium"

"I've had problems from the very start, from Alamo colleges having 2 accounts/ banner id's that caused problems and delays in getting registered, to my first set of classes. Instructor had me on his roster twice,causing issues with my grading, that now 3 weeks into class, has still not been resolved. I'm taking prerequisites so I can transfer to the nursing program. If Galen wasn't so much more money I'd have just done their program, instead of dealing with the red tape and passing of the buck with Alamo Colleges. Do not recommend"

"Damn sucks to communicate with anyone here. Longest process for everything and I’m still having issues. UTSA was easier and even STC was easier to apply. No one really wants to speak to you and they talk over you after asking you questions, weird attitudes. Calling system is stupid. No matter what number you dial you’re automatically routed to the call center. Then verify with them when they don’t even transfer the call info to the school and they have an attitude when you want to get transferred. I don’t want to review my account 9 times out of the day just to go to voicemail after being transferred. Just by telling in the reviews, they haven’t improved on anything for 5 years which is why they suck. Even if I end up going here I’m still gonna take my degree and hate this place as much as how hard it was just to register. Might wind up pursuing legal litigation for neglect and financial aid fraud.Alamo Collges ESPECIALLY SAINT PHILLIPS needs immediate help with how their clients whole school is setup. Can’t believe UTSA actually works with yall. I’d be embarrassed to work here"

"I haven’t had any issues with St. Philips! I am in their LVN program. The process has been very smooth for me! Their nursing building is very well kept and clean!!! I am looking forward to blessed and prosperous semester ahead! To all my fellow nursing cohort class of 2024, we got this !!! Happy Studying"

"My husband has been taking classes for the Electrical Certification program. He ended up only getting two classes this last semester because we couldn't get a response from the advisor at that campus to assist us. We had to go to the main campus to get any help. This time he was already enrolled so he was available to sign up for a meeting with the advisor. They spoke and found the classes he needed. We then find out they lost an assessment he took already. So he had to email another guy to get it removed this new guy didn't respond to any questions just removed the hold was told we had 10 days to register then the hold would go back. The advisor said once this was done he would sign him up for those classes. After two unanswered emails requesting he do what he made sound simple enough to get the classes setup, we finally heard back on Thursday that he would try to get it to Friday or Monday. Still nothing and now will probably lose out again on getting classes we need... more $$ for them I am sure. Problem is more time my husband is out of work and the program we joined to help pay for this will be long over. Long story short the SW Campus advisor Mr Solis is terrible with communication and follow through. This whole process has been unbelievably stressful for what is already so hard to get through... almost like they don't care if you go there or not. I gave them two stars because so far the teachers and classes have been great. Too bad the rest is so difficult and unwelcoming."