Current Students

Explore outstanding educational resources, find out about important dates, information, and student services.

The Alamo Colleges District is partnering to provide free educational resources to students and employees.

Through these partnerships, students and employees receive access to museums, parks, and cultural institutions, in addition to several other benefits listed below. Please note, you must present your Alamo Colleges ID in order to claim your perks.

Information About Our '3 for Free' Partnerships

The McNay
Alamo Colleges students and employees receive free admission (excluding paid exhibitions)
Unlimited access to the McNay Library for research by appointment (email library@mcnayart.org)
10% discount at the museum shop
35% off membership

San Antonio Museum of Art
Alamo Colleges students and employees receive free admission
10% discount on any general membership purchase
Access to the museum’s international collections, special exhibitions and a variety of programs

The Witte Museum
Alamo Colleges students and employees receive free admission
$10 off memberships for faculty and staff
Opportunities for volunteering, student internships and collaborative programming

Extra Discounts

San Antonio Zoo

Discover the wild side of San Antonio with exclusive discounts to the San Antonio Zoo—available for students, staff, and faculty through our special partnership. Whether you're looking for a fun family outing or a unique way to unwind, now’s the perfect time to explore over 750 species and unforgettable experiences at a lower price. Don’t miss this chance to save while supporting wildlife conservation!

San Antonio Botanical Garden

The newest ACD student, faculty, and employee discount in at the San Antonio Botanical Garden! 50% off general admission ticket for Alamo Colleges students and employees with valid ID (children under 3 are free). 25% discount for Garden membership for all Alamo Colleges District employees and students with a valid Alamo Colleges ID.

Tobin Students

In recognition of your dedication to your studies and future careers, Tobin Students provides discounted and complimentary tickets to a wide variety of performances at The Tobin Center. Whether you’re passionate about theater, music, or dance, this program is our way of making the arts more accessible and enriching your college journey. If you’re a college student, we invite you to register below to take advantage of these special offers and join us in celebrating the vibrant world of live performances.

VIA goMobile Mobile Pass

All museums are on VIA bus routes, so free transportation is available to through your VIA goMobile mobile pass. Current Alamo Colleges District students and employees are eligible for a VIA goMobile mobile pass using your student or employee email address. 

AlamoBOOKS+

Don't worry about buying books. AlamoBOOKS+ provides easy textbook rentals for eligible students through Barnes & Noble College, so students can have all required books and other instructional materials by the first day of class.

Student Opportunities

Advocacy Centers - On-campus advocacy centers at all five colleges are available to help with student success and meeting the needs of students experiencing barriers to achieving their goals.

AlamoEXPERIENCE - Through AlamoEXPERIENCE, participate in experiental learning opportunities to supplement your classroom learning, develop skills and build connections for future careers.

Alamo on the Job - Alamo on the Job affords students the opportunity to get paid while engaging in the local workforce, developing their professional skill sets, and collaborating with industry professionals who will mentor them.

Wellness 360 at Alamo Colleges District

Prioritizing health and well-being is key to a successful and fulfilling college experience. Affordable health care is available for Alamo Colleges District students through a partnership between the Alamo Colleges District and UT Health San Antonio’s Wellness 360 program.

Through Wellness 360 at the Alamo Colleges District, students can visit with a medical professional in one of our on-site clinics or via telehealth from the comfort of their homes, or anywhere they have phone and Internet access. 

Wellness 360 uses a holistic, patient-centered approach to provide individualized care for individuals with a variety of needs. The approach includes an initial evaluation, recommendations for treating a variety of physical and mental health conditions, and medication management.

Primary health services include treatments for:
Minor acute care (colds, headaches, sore throats, etc.)
Allergies and sinus infections
Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea
Men, women, and LGBTQ+ health
First Aid
Drug and Alcohol Prevention
Other minor health issues

Services include:
Physical health assessments
Routine health assessments
Nutrition counseling
Prescription medication management
Non-prescription medication

Behavioral and mental health treatments for:
Depression
Bipolar Disorders
Anxiety
Post-traumatic stress disorder
ADHD
Obsessive-compulsive disorders
Adjustment disorders
Grief and stress counseling     
Postpartum depression

Services include: 
Psychotherapy & counseling in a safe and welcoming environment
Prescription medication management
Individual mental health evaluations

Eligibility

Telehealth and on-site services are available to students (18 years and older) attending any of the Alamo Colleges.

Summer eligibility: Students are eligible if they are taking Summer courses or if they are registered for the upcoming Fall semester. 

Employees: If insured through HMO, please confirm your coverage. Prior authorization from Primary Care Physician (PCP) is required.

Mandatory Patient Identification

All patients will be required to present a valid form of identification prior to being seen in the clinic.

Accepted forms of ID include:
State-issued ID
Driver's License
Passport