Campus Life

Athletics
St. Philip's College supports activities ranging from men and women's basketball to women's volleyball, golf, cheerleading, and everything in between.

St. Philip's College Sports
Show your support for our SPC Tigers! 

Get Involved! Join Our Winning Teams.
Stop by the Turbon Student Center (TSC), Suite 110 or the Southwest Campus Game Room (ITC-Building 1, D-143) for more information. Contact the Athletic Coordinator, Paul Lede, for more information.

Extramural

Extramural Sports are designed for our St. Philip’s College students to compete against other extramural sports teams such as Northeast Lakeview College, Northwest Vista College, Palo Alto College, San Antonio College and any surrounding universities or community colleges. The three extramural sports are:
Extramural Men’s Basketball
Extramural Women’s Basketball
Extramural Women’s Volleyball

Eligibility Criteria
St. Philip's College must be your homeschool.
Students must be enrolled in at least 9 credit hours at SPC
Students must have a minimum of 2.0 GPA (Overall GPA)
Students must attend a tryout set in August of the Fall Semester or January of the Spring Semester
Students must attend all required study halls
Students must attend all required practice times

Recreational Programs

Finding yourself with time between classes? St. Philip's College supports all recreation and wellness activities on campus. Students can participate in a variety of intramural activities. Come by and see what's happening! Recreation programs offer something for everyone. If you would like to participate or have any suggested recreational activities, please contact the Department of Student Life at 210-486-2135 or email us at spc-studentlife@alamo.edu.

Dining on Campus
Whether you want a quick bite or need a place to sit and chat with friends, we conveniently provide perfect dining opportunities all over campus. Make reservations at1898 for casual dining or Artemisia's for fine dining, where our culinary and hospitality students will provide a dining experience you won't forget. Dining Service offers hours of service to provide you with the foods you want when you want them.

Dine at 1898
Looking for a casual dining experience? Come dine at 1898 on the first floor of the THCA Building for a unique dining experience.

Dine at Artemisia's
Looking for a great dining experience? Come dine at Artemisia's on the fourth floor of the THCA Building for a five-star fine dining experience and delicious cuisine.

Get Involved
The heart of any college campus can usually be found in getting involved with campus life. Find out more about how you can be part of the fun!

Civic Engagement
At St. Philip’s College, civic engagement is expressed in many ways. We offer a variety of programs and initiatives while also supporting efforts led across campus and throughout the community, encouraging meaningful involvement and active participation.

Clubs and Organizations
Student clubs and organizations at St. Philip’s College offer a diverse range of opportunities, each with its own unique focus. These groups provide students with a variety of ways to explore their interests, connect with others, and get involved on campus.

Jessica's Project
Jessica’s Project is a civic engagement initiative at St. Philip’s College that encourages faculty to integrate civic engagement into their courses by redesigning existing syllabi and curriculum to include community-focused learning experiences.

Phi Theta Kappa
Founded in 1918, Phi Theta Kappa is the official honor society of the American Association of Community Colleges, recognizing and promoting academic excellence among community college students.

Student Life
Student Life provides engaging activities that enhance the college experience at St. Philip’s College. Student Life activities build a sense of community and pride within the college and create connections between the college and its students.

Connect with Student Life through:
Student Success Newsletters
Experiential Learning
Student Activity Fees

E. L. Turbon Student Center

Tiger Lanes
This state-of-the-art facility was built with the student in mind and aims to provide the best student experience possible.

Recreational Fun!
Take a break and relax at our Turbon Student Center! Enjoy lounging around and playing a game of pool or ping pong. Get a quick snack at our Tiger Cafe.

Gaming at SPC
We have it all...from playing the ultimate gaming systems in our video gaming area to watching cable TV between classes.

The Turbon Student Center is beautiful! Enjoy lounging, our bowling alley, pool tables, ping pong, video gaming area, and more. Students are encouraged to get involved in student organizations. Numerous organizations are on campus: social, particular interest, and those affiliated with educational departments. Learn more about student organizations and Experiential Learning opportunities in TSC Suite 110.

Youth Programs
St. Philip's College serves the entire community, including educating students of all ages through youth programs.

MESA
Motivating & Engaging with STEM Activities (MESA) is an opportunity for high school students to improve their math skills; using “ALEKS” a personalized small-group computer-aided instruction.

Miss Cipher
Miss Cipher is a new summer enrichment program focused on encouraging young females to explore the Computer Science field through interactive exploratory modules covering basic coding and robotics.

SAYWE
The San Antonio Youth Wind Ensemble (SAYWE) was founded in 2010 as the premier honor wind ensemble for youth in San Antonio and surrounding areas.

St. Philip's College Kids' Academy
The St. Philip’s College Kids' Academy boasts an outstanding learning environment that stimulates each child’s creative and critical thinking skills.

Academia para Niños
La Academia para niños de St. Philip's College cuenta con un entorno de aprendizaje excepcional que estimula las habilidades de pensamiento crítico y creativo de cada niño. La Kids' Academy tiene como objetivo mantener a su hijo comprometido para cerrar la brecha durante los meses de verano enriqueciendo sus conocimientos y experiencias.