"As a former st philip's college student, I would say, overall it was a very great experience. The professor's are very professional and willing to help you out with things you dont understand. Online is still very easily understandable even though you arent physically there." - Freshman, 18 days ago

"I think St. Philip’s provides great affordable education for San Antonio residents. The option to have tuition covered by the Alamo Promise was a life saver, and I was still able to get refunds for grant money that wasn’t put towards classes. I would recommend anyone coming out of high school in San Antonio to take advantage of this opportunity even if you’re not sure what career you want to pursue. You won’t regret it!" - Sophomore,18 days ago

"I like that advisors and professors communicate effectively. I was always able to stay on track with my degree planto ensure no time was wasted." - Sophomore, 5 months ago

"Communication was an issue. There were many ambiguous deadlines and expectations regarding graduation, and the student portal was extraordinarily frustrating. It was poorly organized and difficult to navigate, making self-service a nightmare. Reaching a human for assistance, whether through phone call or email, was equally unlikely to yield beneficial results. While I valued my professors and their expertise, timely feedback was inconsistent." - Alum, 5 months ago

"My experience so far has been pretty amazing. The professors are great and everybody else is very friendly. It's only my first year and I'm loving it. The environment is not very loud and it's quite peaceful in the morning. It's a great community college and there are lots of organizations, clubs, and sports. I do wish there was more to campus life like parties and festivals." - Freshman, 6 months ago

"Have been very helpful with work, school, and life balance. No complaints other than minimal help from my advisor." - Sophomore, 8 months ago

"As of right now, I am a freshamn for St. Philip's College. I have had a good experience with the staff there like the enrollment coaches for example. I am excited to keep learning new things from the school and the community that makes thing better in college." - Freshman, 8 months ago

"Surrounded not in a nice area classes at night are unsafe cause homeless wondering around the campus." - Sophomore, 8 months ago

"Good school, cheap to study at, it's just been hard for me to any of their scholarships that they offer. The advisors aren't the best and make things moe confusing than they need to be sometimes. I had one advisor that I wasn't even able to meet with at all the entire year I had her." - Junior, 8 months ago

"I haven't been on the St. Philip's campus more than a few times because more of my classes have been online. The campus is a nice size, and the professors are prompt and don't have too many confusing assignments. It's a decent school to attend, especially if you're from San Antonio and enroll in their Alamo Promise program." - Sophomore, 9 months ago

"Everyone on campus including the advisor, and student/staff are very helpful and kind. I don’t really know what could change really." - Freshman, 9 months ago

"I just started attending in fall of 2025. I'm currently only 2 weeks in and so far, this school is pointing me in the right direction to learning everything about the diesel engine. My two main classes right now are involving the electrical systems and safety in the shop. Just by going to the classes and walking around the shop itself, I can see that I'll know everything I need to by the end of this course. I have even peaked into other classes to see what I will be learning. Starting off my knowledge is not the best, but I feel this college can teach me everything I need to know to get employed after graduation. The classes even have a break period for 2 hours allowing me to get my work done. Both classes that I am taking go into great detail of all components of the certain subject." - Freshman, 9 months ago

"They had a grab and go for free. A pantry full of food as well to those in need. A thrift store without actually having to pay. They had helpful resources for women who were pregnant, with kids. They also had counselors for people who struggled with their mental health or just school in general. I had to go to the counselor a couple times in my lasts semesters and the people there were very nice and attentive. The cafeteria was small and the food was expensive. The social events were really cool though, they had yoga, paint, drawing, and dance classes. There were also days where they would hand out ice cream for free. The Student Turbon Center had pool tables and if you asked the desk they gave you board games or you could play video games on the tv and you only had to show your student ID." - Alum, 9 months ago

"I have enjoyed my time at SPC, but it is undoubtedly different from the typical 4-year university experience. Online courses in general tend to feel alienating but at SPC certain professors make it feel like you are all on your own. There are some great yearly campus celebrations and they do make an attempt to get students involved, but a lot of their organizations lack support and/or major interest. It is also the kind of campus that feels like anyone could easily access every aspect of which definitely has its pros and cons." - Sophomore, 9 months ago

"The amount of uncontrolled SPAM emails that I’ve received from being an active student is crazy. Some professors set you up to fail. Some of them can be neglectful as well. My college algebra professor never really responded to my questions and concerns." - Sophomore, 10 months ago

"I love St. Philip's Community College. It is a small community college close to home. I first attended St. Philip's Community College right out of high school. Any classes I have had to take for further education I have always looked to see if offered at St. Philip's Community College first. It will always be my first choice. I want to support my small school that has supported me for many years. I am furthering my career and going for my Associates in Health Information Technology. I want to pursue Medical Billing and Coding. I don't want to see much change besides what they are already doing which is just upgrade but keeping the historic feel of the school." - Sophomore, 10 months ago

"I currently attend Alamo Colleges online, and overall I really like the flexibility it gives me. Being able to work on assignments around my own schedule has been a big help, especially while balancing work and family responsibilities. The professors I’ve had so far have been supportive, and the courses are well-structured. What I’d like to see change is more access to the same resources on-campus students have. Sometimes it feels like online students miss out on workshops, events, or even quick access to tutoring or advising information that could really make a difference. I think sharing more of those resources with online students would make the experience even stronger and help us feel more connected to the college community." - 
Junior, 10 months ago

"St Phillip’s is a hidden gem. It is a great 2 year Alamo college institution for someone that wants to pursue further education after high school. It offer technical opportunities, many allied health programs, and you can take transfer classes for a university level. It is a beautiful and clean campus for many reasons. Since I started, they have invested in updating the cafeteria to include bowling, gaming and lounge seating. I recently walked and found their cyber security building and was blown away with it. Between the updates, all the courses they offer, the teachers, the welcoming center that provides support, I am proud to be an alumni. I am getting an amazing education that will set me up for the future. I highly recommend this institution." - Alum, 10 months ago

"My attendance with this college was a great experience. The orientation and student center has always provided opportunities for everyone and always provided assistance to all students." - Sophomore, 11 months ago

"Awesome teachers and great programs for people who are into trades and are willing to work while going to school." - Freshman, Apr 29 2025
